Add sform check in resampling (#3284)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

- :func:`~plotting.plot_markers` can now plot a single scatter point (:gh:`3255` by `Caglar Cakan`_).
- Fix title display for :func:`~plotting.plot_surf_stat_map`. The ``title`` argument does not set the figure title anymore but the axis title. (:gh:`3220` by `Raphael Meudec`).
- :func:`~surface.load_surf_mesh` loaded FreeSurfer specific surface files (e.g. `.pial`) with a shift in the coordinates. This is fixed by adding the c_ras coordinates to the mesh coordinates (:gh:`3235` by `Yasmin Mzayek`_).

> - :func:`~image.resampling` added sform check in the resample_img function (:gh:`3284` by `Matthieu Joulot`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Function :func:`~image.resample_img`now warns the user if the provided image has an ``sform`` code equal to 0 or None  (:gh:`3284` by `Matthieu Joulot`_).
```

- Fix title display for :func:`~plotting.plot_surf_stat_map`. The ``title`` argument does not set the figure title anymore but the axis title. (:gh:`3220` by `Raphael Meudec`).
- :func:`~surface.load_surf_mesh` loaded FreeSurfer specific surface files (e.g. `.pial`) with a shift in the coordinates. This is fixed by adding the c_ras coordinates to the mesh coordinates (:gh:`3235` by `Yasmin Mzayek`_).
- Function ``nilearn.glm.second_level.second_level._check_second_level_input`` now raises an error when ``flm_object`` argument is ``False`` and ``second_level_input`` is a list of :class:`~glm.first_level.FirstLevelModel` (:gh:`3283` by `Matthieu Joulot`_).

> - Function :func:`~image.resample_img`now warns the user if the provided image has an ``sform`` code equal to 0 or None  (:gh:`3284` by `Matthieu Joulot`_).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Function :func:`~image.resample_img` now warns the user if the provided image has an ``sform`` code equal to 0 or None  (:gh:`3284` by `Matthieu Joulot`_).
```
